[Music]
the first time I saw hundreds Hall was
July 1919 nothing could have prepared me
for the spell it cast when I saw the
house again 30 years later I could
hardly comprehend the change in the
place why don't you tell me what's going
on you wouldn't believe me
mother this is dr. Faraday how did you
find the patient little under the
weather it's war shock I brought
Caroline home to nursing I've heard
they're troubled very cautious about it
a long time ago was it childhood what
are you doing here
this isn't diet before I was born
there's something evil in this house
let's not shoot Buffy what are you doing
here
you're right for me miss I do not Oh Mrs
S is upstairs trying itself today what
is going on
[Music]
that's impossible
your mind is playing tricks Susan is a
memory it can all be explained
Oh innocently bah I'm worried doctor
last night he said he could smell smoke
I couldn't smell anything
it's delusions seemed almost contagious
someone's playing games people are
capable with nasty impulses something in
this house that hates us you do not
belong here maybe is Debbie tricks
tonight
weapon next is a mystery to me
you